# gitPlayground
For experimenting with and learning git.

Here mayhap is a link to the [Wiki](https://github.com/earthbound19/ebTests/wiki).

# BUZZPHRASE 200
## Without hard wraps
Reloaded heuristic hardware, in contrast to clicked B2B networking, diametrically opposed to balanced meatspace hyperledgers, protecting against marshalled variable value-add, allowing unleashed incremental communities, which revolutionizes released cognitive policies, pioneering engaged ergonomic interfaces, providing right-sized tangible normalization, independent of concatenated blockchain architectures, liberating digitized frictionless overfitting, forging ran proactive deliverables for grouped granular capabilities, in preparation for innovated extensible paradigms, anticipating even-keeled 24/7 action-items for arranged intuitive abstractions, leveraging meshed antifragile DevOps, which foreshadows inserted retrospective initiatives, which will enable emitted policy-driven partnerships for routed compatible engagement, enhanced by found ubiquitous enhancements for enabled organizational relationships on behalf of cultivated sustainable mobility on behalf of hacked custom blockchains for startup seamless paradigm-shifts, which revolutionizes sorted mission-critical solutions on behalf of embraced adaptive hyperconvergence on behalf of supervised immutable projections for unpowered deep convolutional programming on behalf of opted-out retroactive touchpoints on behalf of revealed best-of-breed experiences, leveraging serialized disintermediate minimum-viable-product for printed adversarial time-phases for distributed acoustic availabilities, independent of flipped skeuomorphic networks on behalf of blocked zero-downtime virtualization on behalf of refined shallow subspace for scroll-down quantum team-players for clustered plug-and-play markets for connected cross-platform algorithms for configured parallel ROI for frozen holistic bandwidths for redefined consensus alignments on behalf of exported behavioral matrices for e-enabled innovative contingencies on behalf of supplied non-linear neural-nets.
## With hard wraps at npp default 69
Launched incendiary cucumbers for targeted generative platforms, 
forging streamed bleeding-edge superstructures, allowing polled 
transitional convergence, in preparation for clicked-on 
collaborative channels on behalf of resolved native pooling for 
upcycled didactic cloud for reinvented third-generation 
infrastructures, pioneering architected multifaceted clusters on 
behalf of shared non-volatile options on behalf of empowered 
asynchronous analytics, diametrically opposed to signed-in 
logistical management on behalf of revolutionized stochastic 
applications for hooked-up immersive singularity for downloaded 
evolutionary paradigm-shifts on behalf of intermediated multilayered
 methodologies for leveraged functional layers for productized 
scalable concepts on behalf of booted unique communities on behalf 
of closed digital options, which will enable edited configurable 
availabilities for ungrouped cohesive matrices for harnessed 
deconvolutional markets for saved upgradable channels for extruded 
on-demand ROI on behalf of orchestrated cutting-edge matrices for 
evolved multitiered hardware, leveraging retrieved compelling 
bandwidths for exited residual hyperconvergence for omitted 
polymorphic channels for popped-up real-time analytics on behalf of 
reintermediated hyperlocal action-items on behalf of logged 
reciprocal paradigm-shifts on behalf of engineered all-purpose 
applications for agglomerated retroactive clusters on behalf of 
hidden responsive analytics on behalf of listened-to sustainable 
layers for started unique availabilities on behalf of filed optional
 interfaces for disabled parallel options, which revolutionizes 
synchronized native team-players on behalf of keyed-in real-time 
solutions on behalf of unmeshed collaborative management on behalf 
of incentivized regressive deliverables on behalf of printed-out 
transitional pooling on behalf of equipped B2B DevOps on behalf of 
decremented extravehicular touchpoints, independent of changed 
cognitive channels for re-purposed parallel value-add for incubated 
behavioral applications for scaled tangible matrices on behalf of 
ranged modular relationships on behalf of expedited consensus 
analytics for seized best-of-breed methodologies for transferred 
modular interfaces on behalf of scanned reciprocal matrices, 
liberating decentralized custom clusters for input variable DevOps 
for re-routed parallel team-players for overseen acoustic 
team-players, leveraging hybridized proactive management on behalf 
of unresolved retrospective networks for integrated bleeding-edge 
solutions on behalf of undone didactic DevOps for scrolled 
skeuomorphic engagement for merged proactive solutions on behalf of 
virtualized multifaceted platforms for offloaded consensus 
programming on behalf of incremented responsive enhancements, 
providing well-modulated deep convolutional neural-nets on behalf of
 controlled seamless paradigm-shifts for protected regressive 
architectures on behalf of logged-in all-purpose relationships on 
behalf of on-lined proactive contingencies on behalf of recorded 
non-linear algorithms, which foreshadows deleted reciprocal 
infrastructures on behalf of driven extensible singularity for 
conceptualized acoustic neural-nets on behalf of reinvigorated 
didactic blockchains on behalf of unsupervised blockchain 
communities on behalf of managed evolutionary paradigm-shifts for 
replaced tangible hyperledgers on behalf of offlined zero-downtime 
subspace for strategized deep convolutional mobility for backed 
parallel abstractions for excelled frictionless paradigm-shifts for 
generated skeuomorphic hardware on behalf of lobotomized on-demand 
convergence for monitored bleeding-edge hardware, protecting against
 selected deconvolutional cloud on behalf of exploited plug-and-play
 singularity on behalf of matricized seamless action-items on behalf
 of converged functional neural-nets for performed compelling 
bandwidths, liberating synthesized deep convolutional interfaces on 
behalf of optimized real-time partnerships on behalf of echoed 
transitional architectures on behalf of coded variable networks on 
behalf of backed-up cognitive alignments on behalf of signed-up 
didactic action-items for hyper-converged plug-and-play management 
for powered-up ubiquitous virtualization, protecting against 
wiped-out asynchronous mobility on behalf of repeated non-linear 
value-add on behalf of filled multitiered methodologies on behalf of
 prioritized granular subspace, in preparation for implemented 
multifaceted deliverables for secured digital capabilities on behalf
 of isolated responsive superstructures for visualized 
extravehicular singularity on behalf of initialized regressive 
clusters on behalf of maximized ubiquitous minimum-viable-product, 
leveraging killed behavioral solutions on behalf of mindshared 
tangible clusters for beginning retrospective policies on behalf of 
turned-off ergonomic networks for loaded heuristic superstructures 
for powered-down plug-and-play markets on behalf of processed 
generative hyperconvergence on behalf of whiteboarded immutable 
communities for designed compelling abstractions for envisioneered 
parallel hyperledgers on behalf of grown extravehicular 
methodologies on behalf of aggregated deconvolutional ROI for 
transformed compatible channels on behalf of unmarshalled 
extravehicular deliverables on behalf of referred all-purpose 
virtualization on behalf of sent behavioral time-phases for 
permitted didactic cloud on behalf of fitted responsive subspace for
 redone zero-downtime concepts on behalf of shut-down non-linear 
solutions on behalf of filtered-out adversarial alignments on behalf
 of stored quantum applications for moved optional methodologies, 
independent of concealed generative applications on behalf of 
plugged-in antifragile applications on behalf of disrupted native 
hardware on behalf of load-balanced tangible management for 
transitioned retroactive infrastructures for utilized all-purpose 
interfaces on behalf of formatted cross-platform time-phases on 
behalf of disbursed generative singularity for hacked-into 
sustainable enhancements on behalf of solved policy-driven 
deliverables for copied blockchain analytics for containerized 
multifaceted projections, which will enable accelerated 
organizational superstructures on behalf of morphed best-of-breed 
blockchains for dragged proactive ROI on behalf of realigned 
consensus normalization for differentiated acoustic value-add for 
syndicated seamless algorithms for resupplied plug-and-play markets 
for crowd-sourced on-demand normalization for iterated retroactive 
action-items
